​Akash Ram Min-Liang Iyer is able to outline and analyze scientific knowledge to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. He interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments by giving a detailed justification of opinions and ideas with a range of examples, and thorough explanations. He also uses accurate terminology.Well done! Keep up the good work!​Akash Ram Min-Liang Iyer is encouraged to design and refine the experiment using ATL skill PDCA.​Akash Ram Min-Liang Iyer could collect, organize and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. He could interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning accurately. In addition, he outlines the validity of a prediction and method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. Finally, he is able to outline the validity of the method and suggest improvement based on the outcome of a scientific investigation.​Akash Ram Min-Liang Iyer describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. He describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. He consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Brielle  Lim is able to outline and analyze scientific knowledge to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. She interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments by giving a detailed justification of opinions and ideas with a range of examples, and thorough explanations. She also uses accurate terminology.Well done! Keep up the good work!Brielle  Lim is encouraged to practice core components needed in an experiment in a different context.Brielle  Lim could collect, organize and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She could interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning accurately. In addition, he outlines the validity of a prediction and method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. Finally, he is able to outline the validity of the method and suggest improvement based on the outcome of a scientific investigation.Brielle  Lim is encouraged to broaden her scientific knowledge by reading scientific journals and watching scientific films on YouTube and in plenty of other ways. Grades will improve if you go over the rubrics before submitting work to ensure that all of the needed components are addressed.

Chloe Tan should frequently make an effort to read the textbook and make effective summary notes for studying using the Cornell note-taking method so that her is able to apply scientific knowledge and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and suggest solutions to problems set in unfamiliar situations.Chloe Tan is encouraged to do self-checking using the checklist given in the task sheet before the final submission.Chloe Tan should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.Chloe Tan describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Kimberley Kong Shir Mei can recollect and convey scientific information and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations. She also applies information to make scientifically supported judgments with some examples and explanations, though this may not be consistent. She is encouraged to consistently review the content and concepts by completing worksheets given as homework/post lessons.A more logical, complete, and safe method is needed to improve the quality of the experiment. This can be done by exploring more scientific investigation via Phet or Science buddies website.​Kimberley Kong Shir Mei is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Kimberley Kong Shir Mei describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Kua Yu Hong is able to outline and analyze scientific knowledge to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. He interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments by giving a detailed justification of opinions and ideas with a range of examples, and thorough explanations. He also uses accurate terminology.Well done! Keep up the good work!To improve the hypothesis writing, he is advised to explain the hypothesis using different variables and scientific reason.Kua Yu Hong is encouraged to transform the data and interpret the results using scientific reasoning that he learned in the lesson.Kua Yu Hong describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. He describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. He consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Lim June Anne is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. She could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables her to constantly connect to her prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity.Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim June Anne describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. she describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which he selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim June Anne could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. She also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. She describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. She is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim June Anne describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Mok  Yu Ten uses scientific knowledge and insight to offer solutions to challenges that occur in everyday life. He also uses information to make decisions with the help of his teacher.Mok  Yu Ten is encouraged to take part in the class discussion to deepen his understanding and acquire skills to develop effective scientific investigation.he is encouraged to interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning that he learned in the lesson.Mok  Yu Ten is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. He is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching.

Mok  Yu Xin is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. She could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables her to constantly connect to her prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity.Well done! Keep up the good work!Mok  Yu Xin is encouraged to practice core components needed in an experiment in a different context.Mok  Yu Xin should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.When Mok  Yu Xin writes, she is encouraged to use more scientific language as this will allow her to describe the ways science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance information literacy skills.

​Saashrika Nanda Kumar can recollect and convey scientific information and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations. She also applies information to make scientifically supported judgments with some examples and explanations, though this may not be consistent. She is encouraged to consistently review the content and concepts by completing worksheets given as homework/post lessons.​Saashrika Nanda Kumar is encouraged to design and refine the experiment using ATL skill PDCA.​Saashrika Nanda Kumar is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Saashrika Nanda Kumar describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She describes and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately documents sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Saneli Amaaya Wijewickrama can recollect and convey scientific information and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations. She also applies information to make scientifically supported judgments with some examples and explanations, though this may not be consistent. She is encouraged to consistently review the content and concepts by completing worksheets given as homework/post lessons.To improve the hypothesis writing, he is advised to explain the hypothesis using different variables and scientific reason.​Saneli Amaaya Wijewickrama is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Saneli Amaaya Wijewickrama outlines the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or her outlines the implicatfions of using science to solve that specific problem. She sometimes applies scientific language to communicate understanding and sometimes documents sources correctly.

Seiichiro Tsutamori uses scientific knowledge and insight to offer solutions to challenges that occur in everyday life. He also uses information to make decisions with the help of his teacher.Seiichiro Tsutamori is encouraged to do self-checking using the checklist given in the task sheet before the final submission.he should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Seiichiro Tsutamori has stated how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. He demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. He tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but he had limited success. Moreover, he documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Sora Idogawa can recollect and convey scientific information and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations. She also applies information to make scientifically supported judgments with some examples and explanations, though this may not be consistent. She is encouraged to consistently review the content and concepts by completing worksheets given as homework/post lessons.Sora Idogawa is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedback.Sora Idogawa could collect and present the data correctly either in numbers or visual formats. She analyses the facts and claims the validity of the hypothesis as well as the approach. She can suggest modifications to the method, but with little reference to scientific research.Sora Idogawa is encouraged to broaden her scientific knowledge by reading scientific journals and watching scientific films on YouTube and in plenty of other ways. Grades will improve if you go over the rubrics before submitting work to ensure that all of the needed components are addressed.

Xander  Yeo Hon Jen should frequently make an effort to read the textbook and make effective summary notes for studying using the Cornell note-taking method so that his is able to apply scientific knowledge and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and suggest solutions to problems set in unfamiliar situations.Xander  Yeo Hon Jen is encouraged to do self-checking using the checklist given in the task sheet before the final submission.he has to work on his data presentation skills by learning how to organize and present data using correct graphical representations such as bar graphs or line graphs.Xander  Yeo Hon Jen is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. He is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching.

