By completing worksheets assigned as homework, He is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, He should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.Goh Cheng Hsuan is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackGoh Cheng Hsuan has to work on his data presentation skills by learning how to organize and present data using correct graphical representations such as bar graphs or line graphs.Goh Cheng Hsuan has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. Goh Cheng Hsuan demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. Goh Cheng Hsuan tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but He had limited success. Moreover, He documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Hariiesni Mahenderan needs to practice applying knowledge in unfamiliar situations by breaking down the problems into smaller parts and then evaluating which scientific knowledge can be used. This can be achieved by using the 5W1H model/6 Thinking Hat questions.Hariiesni Mahenderan describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Hariiesni Mahenderan explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Hariiesni Mahenderan describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Hariiesni Mahenderan could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Hariiesni Mahenderan is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. Hariiesni Mahenderan also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. Hariiesni Mahenderan describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. Hariiesni Mahenderan is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!Hariiesni Mahenderan describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Hariiesni Mahenderan discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. Hariiesni Mahenderan consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources.Well done! Keep up the good work!

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, He is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, He should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. ​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. ​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which He selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. ​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. ​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but He had limited success. Moreover, He documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, He is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, He should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. ​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. ​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which He selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance information literacy skills. ​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh could create references and citations using strategies such as MLA 8 Poster/ In-text citation/ Citation for beginners.

Kashfia  Latif is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that She is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.Kashfia  Latif describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Kashfia  Latif explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Kashfia  Latif describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Kashfia  Latif could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Kashfia  Latif is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. Kashfia  Latif also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. Kashfia  Latif describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. Kashfia  Latif is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!Kashfia  Latif outlines the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Kashfia  Latif outlines the implications of using science to solve that specific problem. Kashfia  Latif sometimes applies scientific language to communicate understanding and sometimes documents sources correctly.

Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that She is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.To maximize the standard of work submitted, She is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar has to work on her data presentation skills by learning how to organize and present data using correct graphical representations such as bar graphs or line graphs.Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance information literacy skills. Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar could create references and citations using strategies such as MLA 8 Poster/ In-text citation/ Citation for beginners.

Khaiter Wan Leong is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. Khaiter Wan Leong could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables him to constantly connect to his prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity.Khaiter Wan Leong describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Khaiter Wan Leong explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Khaiter Wan Leong describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which He selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Khaiter Wan Leong could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Khaiter Wan Leong is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. Khaiter Wan Leong also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. Khaiter Wan Leong describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. Khaiter Wan Leong is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!Khaiter Wan Leong describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Khaiter Wan Leong discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. Khaiter Wan Leong consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources.Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Krystal Kong Shir Li is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that She is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!​Krystal Kong Shir Li could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. ​Krystal Kong Shir Li consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources.Well done! Keep up the good work!

Lee Yuet Lynn is able to recalls/state and applies scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest solutions to problems/solve problems in a given familiar situations. Lee Yuet Lynn also applies information to make judgements.Lee Yuet Lynn is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackLee Yuet Lynn is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.Lee Yuet Lynn is encouraged to expand her general knowledge of Science by exploring various resources such as scientific magazines, scientific documentaries on youtube, etc. Going through the rubrics before submitting work to ensure all required components are addressed will improve grades. Lee Yuet Lynn is encouraged to use more scientific terminology in her writing.

Lim She Yee did well in describing and applying scientific knowledge as well as understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. Lim She Yee is able to analyze information to make scientifically supported arguments.Lim She Yee describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Lim She Yee explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Lim She Yee describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim She Yee could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Lim She Yee is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. Lim She Yee also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. Lim She Yee describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. Lim She Yee is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim She Yee describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Lim She Yee discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. Lim She Yee consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources.Well done! Keep up the good work!

Loh Zhi Hui could outline and apply scientific knowledge as well as understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations. Loh Zhi Hui is able to suggest solutions to problems set in unfamiliar situations. Loh Zhi Hui interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments.Loh Zhi Hui describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Loh Zhi Hui explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Loh Zhi Hui describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Loh Zhi Hui should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.Loh Zhi Hui has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. Loh Zhi Hui demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. Loh Zhi Hui tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but She had limited success. Moreover, She documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that He is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.To maximize the standard of work submitted, He is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackMuhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching. It is strongly recommended that the student review the rubrics provided for each activity before submitting their work in order to improve the quality of work with the hope that He could summarize, describe and apply scientific language to communicate understanding clearly.

​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that He is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is encouraged to take part in the class discussion to deepen his understanding and acquire skills to develop effective scientific investigation.​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. ​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. ​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but He had limited success. Moreover, He documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Tee Jye Ren is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. Tee Jye Ren could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables him to constantly connect to his prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity.Tee Jye Ren describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. Tee Jye Ren explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. Tee Jye Ren describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which He selects materials and equipment.Well done! Keep up the good work!Tee Jye Ren could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Tee Jye Ren is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. Tee Jye Ren also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. Tee Jye Ren describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. Tee Jye Ren is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations.Well done! Keep up the good work!Tee Jye Ren describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Tee Jye Ren discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. Tee Jye Ren consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources.Well done! Keep up the good work!

Toya  Watabe is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that He is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.A more logical, complete, and safe method is needed to improve the quality of the experiment. This can be done by exploring more scientific investigation via Phet or Science buddies website.Toya  Watabe could collect, organize and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. Toya  Watabe could interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning accurately. In addition, He outlines the validity of a prediction and method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. Finally, He is able to outline the validity of the method and suggest improvement based on the outcome of a scientific investigation.Toya  Watabe outlines the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Toya  Watabe outlines the implications of using science to solve that specific problem. Toya  Watabe sometimes applies scientific language to communicate understanding and sometimes documents sources correctly.

Run Liu is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that He is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.Run Liu is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackRun Liu should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Run Liu is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. Run Liu is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching. It is strongly recommended that the student review the rubrics provided for each activity before submitting their work in order to improve the quality of work with the hope that He could summarize, describe and apply scientific language to communicate understanding clearly.

