Goh Cheng Hsuan is able to recalls/state and applies scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest solutions to problems/solve problems in a given familiar situations. He also applies information to make judgements.To maximize the standard of work submitted, Goh Cheng Hsuan is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.Goh Cheng Hsuan should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Goh Cheng Hsuan has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. He demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. He tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but he had limited success. Moreover, he documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Besides that, Hariiesni Mahenderan is encouraged to study collaboratively with peers as this will enable her to describe scientific knowledge and analyze information to make scientifically supported judgments.Hariiesni Mahenderan describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. She describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which she selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Hariiesni Mahenderan could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. She also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. She describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. She is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Hariiesni Mahenderan describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran is able to recalls/state and applies scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest solutions to problems/solve problems in a given familiar situations. He also applies information to make judgements.​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. He explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. He describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which he selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran is encouraged to transform the data and interpret the results using scientific reasoning that he learned in the lesson.​Jaishanthan Rajakumaran has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. He demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. He tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but he had limited success. Moreover, he documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, ​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, he should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. He explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. He describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which he selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh could collect, organize and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. He could interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning accurately. In addition, he outlines the validity of a prediction and method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. Finally, he is able to outline the validity of the method and suggest improvement based on the outcome of a scientific investigation.​Jareece  Nikhail Hiresh is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. He is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching. It is strongly recommended that the student review the rubrics provided for each activity before submitting their work in order to improve the quality of work with the hope that he could summarize, describe and apply scientific language to communicate understanding clearly.

Kashfia  Latif is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that she is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.Kashfia  Latif describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. She describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which she selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Kashfia  Latif could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. She also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. She describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. She is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Kashfia  Latif outlines the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She outlines the implications of using science to solve that specific problem. She sometimes applies scientific language to communicate understanding and sometimes documents sources correctly.

Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that she is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar is encouraged to do self-checking using the checklist given in the task sheet before the final submission.Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedback.Kauthar Binti Muhammad Karthar has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. She demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. She tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but she had limited success. Moreover, she documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

Khaiter Wan Leong did well in describing and applying scientific knowledge as well as understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. He is able to analyze information to make scientifically supported arguments.Khaiter Wan Leong describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. He explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. He describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which he selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Khaiter Wan Leong could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. He is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. He also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. He describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. He is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Khaiter Wan Leong describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. He discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. He consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Krystal Kong Shir Li is also strongly encouraged to consult the teacher and peers on a regular basis in hopes of gaining a deeper understanding of the subject at hand so that she is able to outline and apply scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest and solve problems set in familiar as well as unfamiliar situations.​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. She describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which she selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!​Krystal Kong Shir Li could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. She also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. She describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. She is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!​Krystal Kong Shir Li describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Lee Yuet Lynn is able to recalls/state and applies scientific knowledge and understanding to suggest solutions to problems/solve problems in a given familiar situations. She also applies information to make judgements.Lee Yuet Lynn needs to practice writing hypotheses using guiding questions in the task sheet/Lab TemplateLee Yuet Lynn is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.Lee Yuet Lynn is encouraged to expand her general knowledge of Science by exploring various resources such as scientific magazines, scientific documentaries on youtube, etc. Going through the rubrics before submitting work to ensure all required components are addressed will improve grades. She is encouraged to use more scientific terminology in her writing.

Lim She Yee is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. She could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables her to constantly connect to her prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity. Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim She Yee describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. She describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which she selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim She Yee could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. She is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. She also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. She describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. She is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Lim She Yee describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. She discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. She consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

Loh Zhi Hui needs to practice applying knowledge in unfamiliar situations by breaking down the problems into smaller parts and then evaluating which scientific knowledge can be used. This can be achieved by using the 5W1H model/6 Thinking Hat questions.Loh Zhi Hui describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. She explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. She describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which she selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Loh Zhi Hui is encouraged to transform the data and interpret the results using scientific reasoning that she learned in the lesson.Loh Zhi Hui could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance information literacy skills. She could create references and citations using strategies such as MLA 8 Poster/ In-text citation/ Citation for beginners.

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, he should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackMuhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Muhammad Faiq Shidqi Mohd Sufian has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. He demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. He tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but he had limited success. Moreover, he documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, ​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, he should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.To maximize the standard of work submitted, ​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is encouraged to give constructive suggestions to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing a discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.​Syed Hamza Bin Syed Lokman Hakim is encouraged to read science news in a variety of media on a daily basis. He is also encouraged to use the guided example provided in class to practice researching. It is strongly recommended that the student review the rubrics provided for each activity before submitting their work in order to improve the quality of work with the hope that he could summarize, describe and apply scientific language to communicate understanding clearly.

Tee Jye Ren is expected to continue exploring challenging ideas to further deepened conceptual understanding. He could adopt the See Think Wonder model and or Question Starters which enables him to constantly connect to his prior knowledge and generate ideas and develop curiosity. Well done! Keep up the good work!Tee Jye Ren describes a problem or a question to be tested by a scientific investigation. He explains a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also describes how to manipulate the variables. He describes how sufficient, relevant data is collected as well as design a logical, complete and safe method in which he selects materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!Tee Jye Ren could collect, organize, transform, and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. He is able to interpret data and outlines results using correct scientific reasoning accurately. He also discusses the validity of a hypothesis and the methodology of a scientific investigation. He describes improvements or extensions to the method that would benefit the scientific investigation. He is expected to follow the same consistency when processing and evaluating scientific investigations. Well done! Keep up the good work!Tee Jye Ren describes the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. He discusses and analyses the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. He consistently applies scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and accurately document sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, Toya  Watabe is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, he should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.Toya  Watabe is encouraged to practice core components needed in an experiment in a different context.Toya  Watabe could collect, organize and present data in numerical and/or visual forms. He could interpret data and outline results using scientific reasoning accurately. In addition, he outlines the validity of a prediction and method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. Finally, he is able to outline the validity of the method and suggest improvement based on the outcome of a scientific investigation.Some suggested strategy Toya  Watabe could adopt is the Peel Method/Connect-Extend-Challenge/Circle of View point which will enable him to discuss and analyze the implications of using science and its application to solve a specific problem or issue. He could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance the information literacy skills.

By completing worksheets assigned as homework, Run Liu is encouraged to revisit subject and concepts. In addition, he should make an attempt to read the material and take effective notes in class using strategies like Cornell note-taking/Collaborative note-making/Note-taking/mapping/T-Notes method/5R's of Notes/Sketchnote/Visual Note-taking.Run Liu is advised to submit the draft to the teacher for constructive feedbackRun Liu should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Run Liu has stated/outlined how science is used to solve a particular problem or situation. He demonstrates the consequences of applying science to a specific problem. He tries to communicate information using scientific terminology, but he had limited success. Moreover, he documents the sources with a teacher's guidance.

