Chen Chunzhang is expected to continue exploring the concepts and connecting it to global context. In order to achieve this, He could use various learning strategies such as effective note taking using Cornell method or Mind Mapping so that He could explain, analyse and evaluate information to make more scientifically supported judgments.To maximize the standard of work submitted, He is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.Chen Chunzhang is advised to discuss the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing self/peer assessment after the experiment.Chen Chunzhang is encouraged to consistently use scientific terminology when in his writing. It will be a good idea to incorporate the Generate-Sort-Connect-Elaborate, or research using the Big 6 so that you are able to discuss and evaluate the implications of using science and its application to solve a specific problem or issue.

Chin Jie Hao is expected to continue exploring the concepts and connecting it to global context. In order to achieve this, He could use various learning strategies such as effective note taking using Cornell method or Mind Mapping so that He could explain, analyse and evaluate information to make more scientifically supported judgments.Chin Jie Hao is encouraged to initiate class discussions to deepen his understanding and acquire skills to develop effective scientific investigation.Chin Jie Hao is encourage to give constructive suggestion to improve the validity of a method based on the outcome of a scientific investigation. This can be done by doing discussion after the experiment with teacher or peer.Chin Jie Hao is able to describe the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Chin Jie Hao could discuss the implications of using science to solve that specific problem. Chin Jie Hao usually applies scientific language to communicate understanding and could document sources correctly but not completely.

​Chong Kai Shuen is able to describe scientific knowledge and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and suggest solutions to problems set in unfamiliar situations. ​Chong Kai Shuen interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments.​Chong Kai Shuen explain a problem to be tested by a scientific investigation very well. ​Chong Kai Shuen formulate a testable hypothesis using scientific reasoning and also explain in detail how to manipulate the variables. ​Chong Kai Shuen is capable to design a logical, complete and safe method in which She selects the appropriate materials and equipment. Well done! Keep up the good work!​Chong Kai Shuen should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.​Chong Kai Shuen could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance the information literacy skills.

Ian Mok Yi Ren is able to describe scientific knowledge and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and suggest solutions to problems set in unfamiliar situations. Ian Mok Yi Ren interprets information to make scientifically supported arguments.To maximize the standard of work submitted, He is advised to do a self-assessment using the rubrics provided.Ian Mok Yi Ren should also focus on his comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Ian Mok Yi Ren is encouraged to consistently use scientific terminology when in his writing. It will be a good idea to incorporate the Generate-Sort-Connect-Elaborate, or research using the Big 6 so that you are able to discuss and evaluate the implications of using science and its application to solve a specific problem or issue.

Mellvyena Oswald is able to explain scientific knowledge. Mellvyena Oswald applies scientific knowledge and understanding to solve problems set in familiar situations and unfamiliar situations. Mellvyena Oswald could also analyses information to make scientifically supported arguments.He could integrate generate, sort, connect, elaborate to create a concept map so that She will be consistent in producing an analytical scientific judgement.Mellvyena Oswald is advised to explain how to manipulate the variable by reading similar scientific investigation.Mellvyena Oswald should also focus on her comprehension of scientific vocabulary and refer to rubrics to achieve the task-specific requirements or expectations.Mellvyena Oswald could use criterion D sentence starters/templates to enhance the information literacy skills.

Ong Chin Keat is expected to continue exploring the concepts and connecting it to global context. In order to achieve this, He could use various learning strategies such as effective note taking using Cornell method or Mind Mapping so that He could explain, analyse and evaluate information to make more scientifically supported judgments.A more logical, complete, and safe method is needed to improve the quality of the experiment. This can be done by exploring more scientific investigation via Phet or Science buddies website.Ong Chin Keat should also master data interpretation skills like graph drawing and data tabulation. This could be done by exploring more experiments via reference book, Phet online simulation.Ong Chin Keat explains the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. Ong Chin Keat discusses and evaluates the implications of using science to solve for a specific problem. Ong Chin Keat has consistently applied scientific language to communicate understanding clearly and has accurately documented his sources. Well done! Keep up the good work!

​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan is expected to continue exploring the concepts and connecting it to global context. In order to achieve this, He could use various learning strategies such as effective note taking using Cornell method or Mind Mapping so that He could explain, analyse and evaluate information to make more scientifically supported judgments.​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan needs to practice writing hypotheses using guiding questions in the task sheet/lab template.​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan is advised to explore the method that would benefit the scientific investigation by trying out different experiments via online simulation, such as Phet or Science buddies website.​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan is able to outline/describe the ways in which science is used to address a specific problem or issue. ​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan could outline/describe the implications of using science to solve a specific problem. ​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan applies scientific language to communicate understanding but does so with limited success. ​Yathavan A/L Sakthithasan documents sources with the teacher's guidance.

